=== Linked Data for Discovering of Alternative Medicine ===

Alternative medicines are attracting growing attentions from patients and biomedical researchers. However, in the past, these medicines were treated with care due to a lack of scientific evidence for their efficacy and safety. Moreover, many of the documentations about these medicines are not available in western languages, prohibiting patients from obtaining accurate knowledge about these medicines and researchers from contributing to or re-using the knowledge. TCMGeneDIT (http://tcm.lifescience.ntu.edu.tw/) is a unique database that publishes in English a rich body of knowledge about traditional Chinese herbs, including scientific evidence reported in academic publications about the association of these herbs with diseases and genes. We re-published the TCMGeneDIT database in a novel format (as Linked Open Data), in order to make it programmatically accessible through a flexible query language, SPARQL, and a flexible Web service, SPARQL endpoint.

In this paper, we present how we used a novel data link creation tool, Silk (http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/bizer/silk/), to create the links between RDF-TCMGeneDIT with other linked datasets related to clinical research, including Entrez Gene, Drugbank, and etc, through the central hub dataset of the Linked Data Web, Dbpedia (http://dbpedia.org/). In order to capture knowledge about these herbal medicines that are not present in any of the databases and make them available in a machine-processable format, we used the aTag Generator Bookmarklet (http://hcls.deri.org/atag/generator/index.html). 

We report our experiences in creating data links in a large scale and our evaluation of the precision of the data linking. We present how aTags can be used to capture the semantics about entities and their relationships in a batch fashion. We demonstrate how this Web of knowledge can be used to support patients and researchers to look for alternative medicines for a given disease. The Linked Open Data provides a lightweight framework for publishing, sharing and linking data sets on the Web. The flexible SPARQL query language and protocol made it possible to build a data integration application at a low cost, and the de-referenceable URIs of entities in the Linked Data made it easier to navigate this rich body of knowledge. We need yet to understand how best to improve the user interface for presenting this intricate network of knowledge to domain scientists and how to make the best value out of de-referenceable URIs. 